{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1485\cocoasubrtf410
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15620\viewh11200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl320\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
About Siri and Privacy (macOS)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 \
When you use Siri the things you say will be recorded and sent to Apple to process your requests. Your device will also send Apple other information, such as your name and nickname; the names, nicknames, and relationships (e.g., \'93my dad\'94) found in your contacts, song names in your collection, the names of your photo albums, and the names of apps installed on your device (collectively, your \'93User Data\'94). All of this data is used to help Siri understand you better and recognize what you say. It is not linked to other data that Apple may have from your use of other Apple services. When you use Siri to search for your documents, the Siri request is sent to Apple, but the names and the content of your documents are not sent to Apple. The search is performed locally on the Mac.\
\
If you have Location Services turned on, the location of your device at the time you make a request will also be sent to Apple to help Siri improve the accuracy of its response to your requests. You may choose to turn off Location Services for Siri. To do so, open System Preferences on your Mac, click Security & Privacy, click Location Services, deselect the checkbox for Siri.\
\
You may choose to turn off Siri at any time. To turn off Siri, open System Preferences on your Mac, select Siri, and deselect the checkbox for Enable Siri. If you turn off both Siri and the Dictation feature, Apple will delete your User Data, as well as your recent voice input data. Older voice input data that has been disassociated from you may be retained for a period of time to generally improve Siri, Dictation and dictation functionality in other Apple products and services. This voice input data may include audio files and transcripts of what you said, related diagnostic data, such as hardware and operating system specifications and performance statistics, and the approximate location of your device at the time the request was made.\
\
You can also restrict the ability to use Siri altogether under the Parental Controls Setting.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 By using Siri, you agree and consent to Apple\'92s and its subsidiaries\'92 and agents\'92 transmission, collection, maintenance, processing, and use of this information, including your voice input and User Data, to provide and improve Siri and dictation functionality in other Apple products and services. \
\
At all times, information collected by Apple will be treated in accordance with Apple\'92s Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.apple.com/privacy.}